Put groupbot and bridged matrix group into own section (#745)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/contribute.md

if you are interested to help our efforts!

For more background we recommend to read and follow our [blog](https://delta.chat/en/blog).

# Third party communication channels 

> The following Delta Chat related communication channels are operated by *adb* and *echedey*

Reviewer: maybe just say: 

```suggestion
The following Delta Chat related communication channels are operated by third parties
```

if you are interested to help our efforts!

For more background we recommend to read and follow our [blog](https://delta.chat/en/blog).

# Third party communication channels 

The following Delta Chat related communication channels are run by third parties
which may or may not follow our [Community Standards](community-standards): 

- With your Delta Chat app you can send a `/list` message to 
  [a groups bot (groupsbot@hispanilandia.net)](mailto:groupsbot@hispanilandia.net)
  to discover and join various chat groups.

- An [English Delta Chat Matrix group](https://app.element.io/#/room/#Delta.Chat:matrix.org)
  bridged to the groupbot English Delta Chat community chat group.

- A [Lemmy community](https://lemmy.zip/c/delta_chat)
  which you can follow by putting `!delta_chat@lemmy.zip` 
  into the search field of your fediverse app.

> If you know of, or setup yourself, additional channels,

Reviewer 2: there is also:
https://www.reddit.com/r/DeltaChat/

created by some random Delta Chat user

if you are interested to help our efforts!

For more background we recommend to read and follow our [blog](https://delta.chat/en/blog).

# Third party communication channels 

> The following Delta Chat related communication channels are run by third parties
> which may or may not follow our [Community Standards](community-standards): 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Delta Chat is a decentralization project,
we aim to do as few things as possible in a centralized way.
The following Delta Chat related communication channels are run by autonomous community members
and may or may not follow our [Community Standards](community-standards): 
```

- With your Delta Chat app you can send a `/list` message to 
  [a groups bot (groupsbot@hispanilandia.net)](mailto:groupsbot@hispanilandia.net)
  to discover and join various chat groups.

- An [English Delta Chat Matrix group](https://app.element.io/#/room/#Delta.Chat:matrix.org)

>   bridged to the groupbot English Delta Chat community chat group.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  bridged to the groupsbot English Delta Chat community chat group.
```
